I approve of myself. I love myself deeply and fully.
I am worthy of love and joy.
My life is a gift. I will use this gift with confidence, joy and exuberance.
I will surround myself with positive people who will help bring the best out in me.
I release my negative thoughts, embracing positivity and optimism.
I am healthy, well groomed and confident. My inner peace and harmony is matched by my outer well-being.
I do not need someone else to feel happiness.
My imperfections make me unique and special.
I take responsibility for who I am: the bad and the good.
I'm so proud of you that it makes me proud of me. I hope you know that.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
I'm telling you this for one reason and one reason only: No matter how sure you are of someone's love, it's always nice to hear it.
Once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
One of my rules is never to look sideways at what other people are doing but instead, do what I feel is right.
I will always find a way and a way will always find me.
Life likes to be taken by the lapel and told, "I'm with you kid. Let's go.
Contrary to what we've been told, life is simple. We complicate matters with our choices.
Momentum builds success.
I'm proud of myself for doing my best. That's all anyone can ask of me.
You can do this, and if you can't do it today, you'll do it tomorrow. You are not a failure.
In the fancy spectacle of life, aspire to find a joy that does not need an audience.
One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others.
Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life.
I have full confidence in myself and my abilities. I can do all things that I commit myself to.
Irrespective of what anyone might think, being who I am places no boundaries or limits on my abilities.